Python Programming: An Introduction to Computer Science, Third Edition" by John Zelle
Chapter 1: Computers and Programs
End-of-Chapter Exercises


Review Questions
True/False

1. Computer science is the study of computers.
2. The CPU is the "brain" of the computer.
3. Secondary memory is also called RAM.
4. All information that a computer is currently working on is stored in main memory.
5. The syntax of a language is its meaning, and semantics is its form.
6. A function definition is a sequence of statements that defines a new command.
7. A programming environment refers to a place where programmers work.
8. A variable is used to give a name to a value so it can be referred to in other places.
9. A loop is used to skip over a section of a program.
10. A chaotic function can't be computed by a computer


Multiple Choice
1. What is the fundamental question of computer science?
  a) How fast can a computer compute?
  b) What can be computed?
  c) What is the most effective programming language?
  d) How much money can a programmer make?

2. An algorithm is like a
  a) newspaper b) venus flytrap c) drum d) recipe

3. A problem is intractable when
  a) you cannot reverse its solution
  b) it involves tractors
  c) it has many solutions
  d) it is not practical to solve

4. Which of the following is not an example of secondary memory?
  a) RAM b) hard drive c) USB flash drive d) DVD

5. Computer languages designed to be used and understood by humans are
  a) natural languages
  b) high-level computer languages
  c) machine languages
  d) fetch-execute languages

6. A statement is
  a) a translation of machine language
  b) a complete computer command
  c) a precise description of a problem
  d) a section of an algorithm

7. One difference between a compiler and an interpreter is
  a) a compiler is a program
  b) a compiler is used to translate high-level language into machine language
  c) a compiler is no longer needed after a program is translated
  d) a compiler processes source code

8. By convention, the statements of a program are often placed in a function called
  a) import b) main c) program d) IDLE

9. Which of the following is not true of comments?
  a) They make a program more efficient.
  b) They are intended for human readers.
  c) They are ignored by Python.
  d) In Python, they begin with a pound sign (#).

10. The items listed in the parentheses of a function definition are called
  a) parentheticals
  b) parameters
  c) arguments
  d) both b) and c) are correct


Discussion
1. Compare and contrast the following pairs of concepts from the chapter:
  a) Hardware vs. Software
  b) Algorithm vs. Program
  c) Programming Language vs. Natural Language
  d) High-Level Language vs. Machine Language
  e) Interpreter vs. Compiler
  f) Syntax vs. Semantics

2. List and explain in your own words the role of each of the five basic functional units of a computer depicted in Figure 1.1.

[[https://github.com/Nightingaling/-Python-Programming-An-Introduction-to-Computer-Science-Third-Edition/assets/130979519/4c174733-b5ea-477b-9650-17342bd81821|alt=lol]]

3. Write a detailed algorithm for making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
(or some other everyday activity). You should assume that you are talking
to someone who is conceptually able to do the task, but has never actually
done it before. For example, you might be telling a young child.
